Create service Info
Environment
AWS Fargate
Existing cluster
oaktree-cluster
Compute configuration (advanced)
Compute options
Info
To ensure task distribution across your compute types, use appropriate compute options.
Capacity provider strategy
Specify a launch strategy to distribute your tasks across one or more capacity providers.
Launch type
Launch tasks directly without the use of a capacity provider strategy.
Capacity provider strategy
Info
Select either your cluster default capacity provider strategy or select the custom option to configure a different strategy.
Use cluster default
No default capacity provider strategy configured for this cluster.
Use custom (Advanced)
Capacity provider

FARGATE
Base
Info
0
Weight
Info
1
Add capacity provider
You can add up to 1 more capacity provider strategy item.
Platform version
Info
Specify the platform version on which to run your service.

LATEST
Deployment configuration
Task definition family
Select an existing task definition family. To create a new task definition, go to Task definitions .

Select a task definition family

Task definition revision
Select the task definition revision from the 100 most recent entries, or enter a revision. Leave the field blank to use the latest revision.
Service name
Assign a service name that is unique for this cluster.
Up to 255 letters (uppercase and lowercase), numbers, underscores, and hyphens are allowed. Service names must be unique within a cluster.
Service type
Info
Specify the service type that the service scheduler will follow.
Replica
Place and maintain a desired number of tasks across your cluster.
Daemon
Place and maintain one copy of your task on each container instance.
Desired tasks
Specify the number of tasks to launch.
2
Availability Zone rebalancing
Info
Turn on Availability Zone rebalancing
Amazon ECS automatically detects Availability Zone imbalances in task distributions across an ECS service, and evenly redistributes ECS service tasks across Availability Zones.
Health check grace period
Info
seconds
Deployment options
Deployment failure detection  Info
Networking
Service Connect - optional Info
Service Connect allows for service-to-service communications with automatic discovery using short names and standard ports.

Service discovery - optional
Service discovery uses Amazon Route 53 to create a namespace for your service, which allows it to be discoverable via DNS.

Load balancing - optional
Configure load balancing using Amazon Elastic Load Balancing to distribute traffic evenly across the healthy tasks in your service.

VPC Lattice - optional Info
Fully managed application networking service to connect, secure, and monitor your services across multiple accounts and virtual private clouds (VPCs). When you use VPC Lattice, there is a cost associated with it.

Service auto scaling - optional
Automatically adjust your service's desired count up and down within a specified range in response to CloudWatch alarms. You can modify your service auto scaling configuration at any time to meet the needs of your application.

Volume - optional Info
Configure a data volume to provide additional storage for the containers in the task.

Tags - optional Info
Tags help you to identify and organize your resources.

Cancel
Create
